USAGE EXAMPLES:

Queueing commands:
q+ - Adds you to the queue.
q- - Removes you from the queue.
q? - Prints the current queue to chat.
myspot - Prints your spot in the queue to chat.

AFK commands:
away - (as DJ) Guards your DJ spot for 45 seconds.
away - (while on queue) Guards your queue spot for 10 minutes.
       During this time, the bot will skip you when it decides who to call
       next.
away - (neither on queue or on decks) DOES NOTHING.
back - Cancels any previously issued "away" command. THE BOT WILL NOT SAY
       ANYTHING IF YOU USE THIS COMMAND, but it still works.
       Jumping on the decks will achieve the same result.

Flagging commands:
oog - Marks the current song as out-of-genre. If enough people issue this
      command, the bot will warn the current DJ to skip and downvote. If even
      more people issue this command, the current DJ will be removed.
.s  - (mod only) Behaves the same as oog, except it issues the skip warning
      immediately. If you use this, the bot expects you to handle the problem
      on your own and will not remove the DJ.

Help commands:
commands  - Prints a list of commands.
help      - Prints help text for the help command.
help help - Does the same as "help"
help oog  - Prints the help text for the oog command.

"Kick Me" note commands:
kickme                    - Forces the bot to remove you from the decks the
                            next time your song ends.
boot me after 4           - Forces the bot to remove you after you play 4
                            more songs.
removeme on q             - Forces the bot to remove you when there are more
                            people on queue than there are DJ spots.
remove me on q or after 9 - Tells the bot to remove you after 9 songs or when
                            the queue fills up, whichever happens first.
cancel kickme             - Cancels any "Kick Me" notes you've issued
boot me cancel            - Does the same as "cancel kickme"

Mod commands (private chat only):
mod shawkattack  - Gives the user shawkattack mod status.
mod @shawkattack - Gives the user @shawkattack mod status. If @shawkattack
                   does not exist, gives mod status to the user shawkattack
demod asdf       - Revokes the user asdf's mod status.
unmod asdf       - Same as demod asdf

modlock off      - Turns off modlock
modlock on       - Turns on modlock

NOTES:
- All commands are case-insensitive. "OoG" works just as well as "oog".
- All commands allow for an optional forward slash "/" in front.
  "/oog" and "oog" are both valid, for example.
- The bot needs mod status to operate properly. Better yet, create your
  room in the bot's account so it can never lose mod status.
- The bot is set by default to modlock the room. Nobody can gain or lose
  moderator status unless a mod issues a command to the bot through private
  chat. This will be made optional in a future version.

NOTES ON KICK ME:
- You can use any of the verbs "kick", "boot", or "remove" interchangeably.
- The space between your verb and the word "me" is optional.
- The order in which you specify options does not matter.
  "on q or after 4" is the same as "after 4 or on q".
- The bot prohibits parking for more than 10 songs.
- ISSUING A NEW KICK ME NOTE WILL OVERRIDE THE PREVIOUS ONE.
  This is to avoid having to spam chat with cancels and re-issues.