/////WARNING/////
The bot is curently undergoing a structural reorganization.
At this point, running bot.js will be completely stable, but further
architectural changes are slated for the near future.
/////WARNING/////

This is a minimally-interactive bot that manages a DJ queue for a turntable.fm
room.

If your room uses a queue system, and you want a bot that is silent most of the
time, this is the bot for the job!

The commands were designed so no slashes, dashes, hashes, or dots are
required to activate them, but are easy to remember. Asking the bot for
something is intuitive!
The commands were also designed so they are difficult to activate accidentally
through conversation, which prevents unwanted bot behavior.
Finally, all bot features have been designed with minimal risk to the bot and
to other users in mind. Even commands that could potentially be abused require
significant effort to do so.

Most importantly, because this bot is minimally designed, it is STABLE.
Unless otherwise noted, every bot feature has been tested for concurrency
issues and high input volume, and will always behave properly, if only a little
slow. It will only crash due to maintenance of turntable.fm, hardware failures,
or system resets.

Current features:
 - Users can add or remove themselves from the queue
 - Users can ask for their current position in the queue
 - The bot will automatically call the next available user in the queue
   when a spot opens up, and guard that spot until the user steps up
 - If a called user does not take her spot, the bot will automatically remove
   her from the queue and call the next available user in the queue
 - The bot can output the current queue to the chat window
 - The bot will automatically remove users form the queue if they leave
 - DJs can specify that they need to refresh, and the bot will guard their
   spots
 - Queued users can specify that they will be afk, and the bot will skip them
   when considering who to call to preserve queue order
 - DJs can mark themselves with "kick me" notes - the bot can kick DJs when
   the queue fills up or after a specified number of songs
 - If a DJ is playing off-genre, users can vote to remove the DJ. The DJ is
   given a warning before being removed
 - The bot can output a list of commands to the chat window
 - The bot can output instructions for any non-moderator command to the chat
   window
 - Moderators can rearrange the queue
 - Moderators have access to a shortcut that activates the off-genre warning

Features slated for the near future:
 - Suggest features in the comments!

If you have a node server installed, running the bot is simple! Just follow
these steps:
1. Create a turntable.fm account for your bot
2. Log in to your bot account and use this bookmarklet to get account info:
   http://alaingilbert.github.com/Turntable-API/bookmarklet.html
   Paste the data into a new file called config.js, and format it like the
   sample.
3. Download the bot code and unzip.
4. Move config.js to the same folder as bot.js
5. Run node bot.js

For examples of how to use the commands, please refer to EXAMPLES

If you have any questions about how to use the commands, please feel free to
ask! Suggestions for more commands and features are always welcome :)

